Now what you can do is you can say look
I'm going to give you the instructions
AI of what I want you to do get the data
from here put it here it's going to
ultimately land wherever right you can
then tell the AI to build the same
pattern in all the different tools and
run them all together and see okay if
I'm going to load these tables from SQL
databases what is the most efficient way
to go is it a pipeline to a data
warehouse boom write it right is it a
pipeline to a lakehouse and then
lakehouse through notebook books done.
Like the the concepts are the same and
you're able to then build five, six,
seven different patterns of what works.
And then if I can build these things
within a couple minutes, great. I'll
test them all. The barrier to testing
these things almost goes